GLOW v. 0.97
GLOW v. 0.973

Release notes, Stan Solomon, stans@ucar.edu, 4/05
Release notes, Stan Solomon, stans@ucar.edu, 3/15

Version 0.973 is an incremental release to GLOW, mostly just the example drivers:
   updates example drivers to MSIS-2K
   adds NOEM empirical nitric oxide model, based on SNOE data, to example drivers
   some cleanup of example drivers
   fixs ssflux so it only reads file on first call (or if ISCALE changes).

See glow.txt for more details
See glowlicense.txt for the Open Source Academic Research License Agreement

New features:
   Relativistic correction to electron impact cross sections included
   Maxwellian or monoenergetic fluxes generated by MAXT
   Possible to use any solar grid by changing only input files
   Photoabsorption and photoionization cross sections supplied in files
   SSFLUX completely re-written:
      Model parameters supplied in files
      Default is ~1 nm grid (5 nm in FUV)
      Hinteregger model still there (ISCALE=0)
      EUVAC also available (ISCALE=1)
      User grid and input supported by changing input file and LMAX (ISCALE=2)
   Common block CGLOW is unchanged
      Should facilitate upgrade path for existing programs
      But there are now several obsolete artifacts

Issues addressed in this release:
   Fixed two problems with Auger electron production
   Fixed some small bugs in O(1S) calculation
   Adjusted N(2D)+O rate coefficient to Fell et al. value (6.9e-13)
   Adjusted C III on N2 cross section to fix O2 ionization rate problem
   Removed various artifacts, including EAURI
   Removed unnecessary N(2D) initial guess (now just set to zero)
   Now use standard energy and altitude grid in both day and aurora examples

Known problems:
   X-rays shortward of 18 A need to be re-examined and updated.
   Magnetic field (GEOMAG, FIELDM) is out of date, really need to update to 
      IGRF, but at the resolutions typical here should be OK for now.
   Temporary Y2K fix to SUNCOR.  Should be fine for 1950-2050, but really
      need to change from yyddd to yyyyddd date format, which will enable
      range of validity to extend from 1900-2100.  (This only affects SZA.)
   O(1S) needs to be re-evaluated (still).
   O(1S) from O2 dissociation (BSO2) is currently hardwired - only works with
      LMAX=123 (although changes shortward of 800 A are OK).
   IRI should be updated.

Long term:
   Would like to move all cross sections to file input, and utilize full
      specification of N2 triplet and singlet states.
   File handling - currently required to put input data files on current working
      directory - could use environment variables or directory argument to
      make this more general - any ideas?
   Eventually would like to get rid of common block CGLOW, and go with a more
      modern approach.
